docs: add demo for waitForPodsReady and native Gang Scheduling feature (#7)
opendatahub-io/workload-orchestration: demos/wait-for-pods-ready/README.md

4. Create a LocalQueue resource:
```yaml
apiVersion: kueue.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: LocalQueue
metadata:
  name: user-queue
  namespace: demo
spec:
  clusterQueue: cluster-queue
```
`oc apply -f resources/local-queue.yaml`

5. For this example, we will also create a Pod that acts as a server, and a Service to expose it:
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: sample-server
  namespace: demo
  labels:
    app: sample-app
spec:
  containers:
    - name: server
      image: python:3.9-slim
      command: ["python", "-m", "http.server", "80"]
      ports:
        - containerPort: 80
---
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: sample-service
  namespace: demo
spec:
  selector:
    app: sample-app
  ports:
    - protocol: TCP
      port: 80
      targetPort: 80
```
`oc apply -f resources/service.yaml`

## Demo
Now that have our server running and accepting connections, we are going to create two Jobs to demonstrate Gang Scheduling and the WaitForPodsReady feature. We must note that the GPU quota is set to 3.

We will create two Jobs that will each request 2 GPUs (a total of 4 GPUs which exceed the quota). We should create both Jobs one after the other:

> 1. The first Job is setup to deliberately attempt to run an invalid command, casuing the Pods to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The first Job is setup to deliberately attempt to run an invalid command, causing the Pods to fail.
```

Author: Thank you!

        command: ["sh", "-c", "sleep 5 && curl http://sample-service"]
        resources:
          requests:
            cpu: 1
            memory: "200Mi"
            nvidia.com/gpu: 1
          limits:
            cpu: 1
            memory: "200Mi"
            nvidia.com/gpu: 1
      restartPolicy: Never
```
`oc apply -f resources/job-success-curl.yaml`

<br>

Run `oc get pods -n demo`:
```
NAME                        READY   STATUS                 RESTARTS   AGE                                                                                                                                                                     
curl-job-fail-mvvw4-bsqhx   0/1     CreateContainerError   0          2m                                                                                                                                                                      
curl-job-fail-mvvw4-wsvv7   0/1     CreateContainerError   0          2m                                                                                                                                                                      
sample-server               1/1     Running                0          74m
```

> We can see that eventhough we created both Jobs, the second Job is not yet admitted and no pods start due to Kueue's native Gang Scheduling behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can see that even though we created both Jobs, the second Job is not yet admitted and no pods start due to Kueue's native Gang Scheduling behavior.
```

Author: Fixed, thank you!

Kueue Gang Scheduling and WaitForPodsReady Feature Demo

DRAFT

> [Demo recording](https://asciinema.org/a/709849) (hosted)

Reviewer 2: It would be nice to see workload statuses during this demo showcasing the eviction message for the failed job

Author: Updated, thanks for the great idea!
